---
title: '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea'
description: An escape room based on Jules Vern's classic advenutre.
image: 20000_leauges-wide.webp
thumbnail: 20000_leauges-wide.webp
video: 20000_leauges-wide.webm
video_thumb: 20000_leauges-wide.webm
card_size: portfolio-wide
---

> Dear explorers and adventurers, I will not give you my name as you will not have heard of me. However, I am writing to you because I believe we have a shared interest relating to an item which recently came into your possession.


**A two room escape game I built in my house for friends and family, based on the novel by Juels Verne**


### Plot and puzzle overview

Players are invited aboard the Nautilus to join the mysterious Captain Nemo in his quest to discover the Lost City of Atlantis.

The first half of the game takes place in Nemo's quarters where players must solve a series of riddles to prove they have what it takes to join Nemo. Then they pool resources to locate Atlantis.

On arrival at Atlanits the players leave the Nautilus via an escape hatch hidden in the wall. Once in the Atlantian cave they must decispher various inscriptions and solve ancinet puzzles. Doing so reveals the secret of Atlantis, but unleases a terrible monster.

The players must flee back the Nautilus and solve a simple final puzzle to defend to Nautilus from the monster.

::screenshot
---
title: Some of the letters and documents guests can uncover
image: /assets/images/ER_letters.JPG
alt: A pile of four letters, the front one reads 'Mobilis In Mobile - N'
---
::



::screenshot
---
title: A selection of props and puzzles from Nemo's quaters
image: /assets/images/ER_props.JPG
alt: Wooden boxes, metal code boxes, scales with bottles
---
::

A short time later a strange man arrives with another letter from the mysterious Captain N. He knows about the wooden cube you have recived and wants to work with you to find the lost city. The guest are invited to follow the strange man.

The man leads them to the docks where they are blindfolded and lead

### Technical details

The whole game is managed with a custom Node-Red dashboard that links the various devices.

I created an audio player in Python which is controlled by MQTT, this can play various ambiant sound scapes, music, and sound effects. I also created web-based video player that is controlled by websocets, this can play looping videos and also overlay other videos using different blending modes.

#### Entrance way

- Three seperate audio scapes run in a browser on old phones, controlled by websockets.

#### Nemo's office

- Zigee controlled lighting for electrical surge effects and flashing alarms.
- Audio player for looping ambiance and various sound effects. And voice intercom to deliver live messages from the captain running on a Mumla server.

#### Atlantis

 - Audio player featuring looping ambiance, various sound effects, and music.
 - Projector displaying caustic water effect on the celing, also triggered to playing moving machine parts, and monster shadows.
 - Pi Zero controlled LEDs with custom random pulsing animation to look like otherworldy insects, also pulses red in time with music during escape.
 - Pi Zero controlled UV lamp can be turned on/off or play a short flickering animation.
 - Pi Zero controlled 'Tipper' device uses a stepper motor to release four wooden block from the celing.
