---
title: TechPixies
description: An online learning platform to support women returning to work, changing careers, or starting a business.
image: techpixies.webp
thumbnail: techpixies_header.webp
video: techpixies_header.webm
video_thumb: techpixies.webm
---

<p style="text-align:center"><a class="button" href="https://techpixies.com">TechPixies.com</a></p>

> The skills and support I got from TechPixies helped me see my value in the workplace and rediscover my confidence. I'm now back working part time in a great local company.

***TechPixies is an award winning social-enterprise that provides training and life coaching for women looking to return to work, change careers or start a business.***

### Online Learning Platform

As part of my role as Chief Technology Officer for TechPixies I designed and built an online platform to enable the delivery of training courses around the world.

The main focus of the platform is to allow visitors to purchase courses, track their progress and issue certificates on completion. Course participants can create a profile to share their picture, neighbourhood, skills, and course progress with other participants, this is to encourage networking and peer-to-peer support.

Other website features includes a profile map, blog, testimonials, webinars (members-only), and gift certificates.

::screenshot
---
title: The profiles allowed students to connect with one another and share their skills and course progress
image: /assets/images/techpixies_profile.png
alt: A screenshot of my portfolio on the website, showing my name, location, skills, and courses
---
::

### Wordpress Course

I also created the curriculum for and taught our six-week course on WordPress site building. The main challange with creating the course was the wide range of tenchial abailiates. As most women on the course were returning to work after a break of 2 - 18 years we had to ensure that all technical levels were catered for.

To achive this we had a large focus on 

::screenshot
---
title: Me with the first cohort to complete the WordPress course
image: /assets/images/techpixies-first-cohort.jpg
alt: A group of women all produly holding their certificates
---
::

### Technical details

The site is built on Wordpress using the FoundationPress base theme, which I customised. It uses several industry-standard plugins including:

 - WooCommerce
 - LearnDash - provides the basis for all courses, but was substantially customised
 - Gravity Forms
 - Advanced Custom Fields

For the design of the site, I extrapolated brand guidelines from the logo and colours provided by the original designer.

The site uses Gutenberg, the page layout system from WordPress, which I integrated with the theme. This gives content editors much more design freedom and control, whilst ensuring they stay within brand guidelines.
